NARRATOR: The Kalos League
semifinal match between Ash
and Sawyer is well under way!
Will Ash settle an old score
with a win against his rival?
One of them will face Alain
in the finals, but which one?
ANNOUNCER: What's that about?
Aegislash has chopped up
every tree on the battlefield!
ASH: Let's see what
you're up to, Sawyer...
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
CHESPIN: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Why? Why would
they chop all the trees?
TIERNO: Knowing Sawyer, he's
no doubt got some kind of plan.
TREVOR:
Normally, someone would do that
so it would be easier to see,
but now?
SAWYER:
All right, good work, Aegislash.
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: All right,
here they come, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
SYCAMORE: Looks like Sawyer's
up to something interesting.
How marvelous.
DIANTHA: So far,
he's been planning
his tactics very carefully.
Which makes me think if
he's coming up with something
to defeat Pikachu soon.
ASH: Pikachu, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SAWYER: King's Shield, GO!
AEGISLASH: [KING'S SHIELD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [IMPACT]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ASH:
That's right! If we attack them
while Aegislash is
using King's Shield,
Pikachu's attack
power gets weaker!
PIKACHU: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: So, the more we attack,
the worse it is for us.
What should I do?
TIERNO: Ash is in a tough spot,
all right...
CLEMONT: His attack
options are so limited!
BONNIE: What's he gonna do?
CHESPIN: [WORRIED]
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
SAWYER: Use Sacred Sword!
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
AEGISLASH: [SACRED SWORD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: No, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [PAINED] [DETERMINED]
TIERNO: Hold on!
I get the feeling
Sawyer's
trying to slow Pikachu down
as much as possible.
SHAUNA: What do you mean?
TIERNO: The chopped trees
are making Pikachu unsteady.
That keeps it from
getting a secure foothold,
while on the other hand,
Aegislash is floating...
CLEMONT:
So Sawyer's got the advantage!
SAWYER: All right,
use Sacred Sword again!
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Dodge it...
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
PIKACHU: [PANTING] [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [EXHAUSTED]
ASH: No, Pikachu!
SAWYER: I can't just let you
move around freely, you know.
ASH: All right, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: King's Shield, GO!
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
AEGISLASH: [KING'S SHIELD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
BONNIE: Not again!
ASH: I've got a good
idea I think will work.
I know it's a really big risk,
but we've gotta
give it a shot, okay?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: I believe in you, buddy!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
SAWYER:
Ash is up to something for sure.
I know that
expression on his face!
SAWYER:
I've seen it plenty of times.
Okay, Aegislash, heads up!
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: 'Kay Pi u, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ANNOUNCER: Pikachu knocked
the wood up into the air!
What could that mean?
SAWYER: What will that do?
Use Fury Cutter!
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Now! Use the trees!
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
AEGISLASH: [FURY CUTTER MOVE]
AEGISLASH: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
AEGISLASH: [EXCITED]
AEGISLASH: [FURY CUTTER MOVE]
AEGISLASH: [BEWILDERED]
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SAWYER: I thought you'd do that.
Aegislash, King's Shield!
AEGISLASH: [KING'S SHIELD MOVE]
ASH: Now, Pikachu!
Use that piece of wood!
PIKACHU: [EFFORT]
AEGISLASH: [FRUSTRATED]
AEGISLASH: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Now Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
AEGISLASH: [PAINED]
SAWYER: Aegislash!
AEGISLASH: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Aegislash is unable
to battle! Pikachu's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
What an incredible strategy!
Pikachu jammed up that King's
Shield with a piece of wood!
I've never seen that before!
BONNIE: Yay, Pikachu won!
CLEMONT:
That was a classic Ash win.
SAWYER:
Aegislash, take a good rest.
ASH: Come here, buddy!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: You did it!
ANNOUNCER: That's two wins
in a row for Ash and Pikachu.
Three of Sawyer's Pokémon
have been defeated,
so it's time to
change the battlefield.
SAWYER: I can't believe you
ever would have used a tactic
like that in a million years.
I wouldn't have!
ASH: Seriously?
SAWYER: 'Course not
ithout perfect timing and aim,
that strategy never
would've worked!
ASH: That's 'cause ou.
You're the best!
PIKACHU: [PLEASED]
SAWYER: Wow...that's what it is.
The total trust
between Ash and Pikachu.
That's why Ash is so strong.
SAWYER: All right,
now why don't you show me
more of what you've got?
ASH: Sure!
ANNOUNCER: And now,
the battlefield we've prepared
for them is... Badlands!
REFEREE:
Please get your Pokémon ready!
ASH: Noivern! I choose you!
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Ash has sent Noivern
in as a substitute for Pikachu.
ASH: Show them how it's done!
NOIVERN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Salamence, let's go!
SALAMENCE: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Sawyer's fourth
Pokémon is Salamence!
Both Trainers have
chosen Dragon types!
POKEDEX:
Salamence. The Dragon Pokémon.
Constant dreams of flight
caused a shift in
its cellular structure.
When it evolved,
Salamence finally grew wings.
ASH: So Shelgon evolved
into Salamence, huh? Great!
SAWYER: Thanks, Ash!
It's a lot stronger now, too.
REFEREE: Battle begin!
ASH: Noivern, use Boomburst!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
SAWYER: Dodge it, quick!
SALAMENCE: [DODGING]
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
SALAMENCE: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER: Noivern strikes
first with Boomburst!
ASH: Noivern, use Dragon Claw!
NOIVERN: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
SAWYER: Dragon Rush, go!
SALAMENCE: [DRAGON RUSH MOVE]
NOIVERN: [STRUGGLING]
SALAMENCE: [STRUGGLING]
NOIVERN: [YELLING]
ASH: Noivern, you okay?
NOIVERN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: I can't afford to
lose one more time. Incinerate!
SALAMENCE: [INCINERATE MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it!
NOIVERN: [DODGING]
SALAMENCE: [QUESTIONING]
SAWYER: Dragon Tail, go!
SALAMENCE: [DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
NOIVERN: [PAINED]
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
CHESPIN/DEDENNE: [GASPING]
CLEMONT: Salamence used
the flames from Incinerate
to lure Noivern in.
ASH: Noivern!
NOIVERN: [ACKNOWLEDGING]
ASH: Yeah, way to go!
SAWYER: Incinerate!
SALAMENCE: [EFFORT]
ASH: Dodge it!
SALAMENCE: [INCINERATE MOVE]
NOIVERN: [EFFORT]
ASH: Use Boomburst!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
ASH: Now, Acrobatics!
SAWYER: Oh no! Even in smoke,
Noivern can locate
Salamence's position!
SAWYER: Salamence! Protect!
SALAMENCE: [STARTLED]
SALAMENCE: [PROTECT MOVE]
SAWYER: All right,
Dragon Rush, let's go!
ASH: Use Acrobatics!
SALAMENCE: [DRAGON RUSH MOVE]
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
NOIVERN: [STUNNED]
SALAMENCE: [STUNNED]
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
TIERNO/SHAUNA/TREVOR: [GASPING]
REFEREE: Salamence...Noivern...
both are unable to battle!
ANNOUNCER:
Both are down! It's a draw!!
ASH: You were awesome!
Take a good rest.
SAWYER: Thanks for a
great battle, Salamence.
All right, Slurpuff, let's go!
SLURPUFF: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Sawyer has chosen
Slurpuff as his fifth Pokémon!
ANNOUNCER:
Now for Ash's choice...
ASH: Goodra, I choose you!
ANNOUNCER: What a surprise!
Ash chose Goodra,
which has a type disadvantage!
ASH: I know you haven't
battled in a long time.
But you'll be awesome!
GOODRA: [DETERMINED]
SAWYER: So, it's Goodra...
The only one of Ash's Pokémon
I've never battled against.
I've done no research.
But let's do our best, Slurpuff!
SLURPUFF: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Salamence!"
SAWYER: Use Flamethrower!
SLURPUFF: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Ice Beam, let's go!
GOODRA: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
SAWYER: Dazzling Gleam, now!
SLURPUFF: [DAZZLING GLEAM MOVE]
ANNOUNCER: And it's a
Dazzling Gleam direct hit!
What a super‐effective attack!
GOODRA: [CHALLENGING]
SAWYER: No doubt
Goodra's tough, all right.
All right, how about this?
Use Fairy Wind!
SLURPUFF: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
ASH: Use Bide!
GOODRA: [CONFIDENT]
SAWYER: All right,
Slurpuff, Cotton Guard!
SLURPUFF: [COTTON GUARD MOVE]
ASH: Break it up, quick!
GOODRA: [BIDE MOVE]
‐SAWYER: Okay.
‐ASH: Use Ice Beam!
GOODRA: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
SAWYER: Now, Flamethrower!
SLURPUFF: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
SAWYER: Now it's our turn!
All right, Slurpuff, Fairy Wind!
SLURPUFF: [SNIFFING]
SLURPUFF: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
GOODRA: [PAINED]
ASH: Goodra!
GOODRA: [DETERMINED]
SAWYER: Slurpuff's sense of
smell is beyond incredible.
Even in the smoke,
it knows where Goodra is.
ASH: Then I guess you're
getting me back for Noivern!
SAWYER: Flamethrower!
SLURPUFF: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Use Bide!
GOODRA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GOODRA: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Goodra... Hang in there...
SAWYER: They're feeling it.
There's no doubt
Goodra's taking damage!
Let's finish this
with Flamethrower!
SLURPUFF: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
GOODRA: [STRUGGLING]
BONNIE: Oh no.
Hope Goodra can hang in there.
TREVOR: We'll have to see.
SERENA: Something's gotta give.
This can't go on.
SAWYER/SLURPUFF: [GASPING]
GOODRA: [STRUGGLING]
ANNOUNCER: And Goodra
has managed to deal with
those fierce flames!
ASH: GO!
GOODRA: [BIDE MOVE]
SAWYER: Slurpuff, Fairy Wind!
SLURPUFF:
[FAIRY WIND MOVE] [IMPACT]
GOODRA/SLURPUFF: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Both Pokémon
are unable to battle!
ANNOUNCER:
And it's another double defeat!
What a clash of wills!
This match isn't over
until it's truly over!
TREVOR: This is a
battle I'll never forget...
BONNIE: I feel like I
can barely catch my breath!
SAWYER: Thank you, Slurpuff.
You were great.
ASH: You were awesome, Goodra.
You deserve a good rest.
ANNOUNCER: Now we wait
for Sawyer's sixth Pokémon...
SAWYER: Sceptile, let's go!
SCEPTILE: [APPEARING]
SCEPTILE: [ROARING]
BONNIE: Sawyer's using Sceptile!
CLEMONT: His final Pokémon...
TREVOR:
Pikachu's already taken damage,
but Greninja hasn't gone yet.
TIERNO: And don't forget
Sceptile can Mega Evolve...
SERENA: Oh, Ash...take care...
ASH: Pikachu, you're up!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [CHALLENGING]
ANNOUNCER: There it is!
Ash has chosen Pikachu!
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
SAWYER: Keep your distance,
Sceptile! Use Leaf Storm!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SCEPTILE: [DETERMINED]
SAWYER: A power move...
ASH: Iron Tail, go!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SAWYER: Use Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [YELLING]
SAWYER: Use Frenzy Plant!
SCEPTILE: [FRENZY PLANT MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it!
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [STUNNED]
REFEREE:
Pikachu is unable to battle!
Sceptile's the winner!
SERENA: No. Poor Pikachu...
CLEMONT: I think
Pikachu had already taken
too much damage from before.
ASH: Pikachu, you were great.
Take a good rest.
PIKACHU: [WEAK]
ANNOUNCER: Now Ash is
down to his last Pokémon.
This battle has
reached its final chapter!
ASH: All right, let's do it.
Greninja! I choose you!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
SAWYER:
I've been waiting for Greninja.
It's finally come to this!
ASH:
Hey, sorry we made you wait.
This one will decide it all.
Let's both give it
everything we've got!
SAWYER: Right with you, Ash!
We'll leave it all on the field!
ASH: Greninja! Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
SAWYER: Use Dragon Claw!
SCEPTILE: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
SCEPTILE: [CONFIDENT]
ASH: Double Team, let's go!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
SAWYER: Use Frenzy Plant!
SCEPTILE: [FRENZY PLANT MOVE]
SAWYER: There. Use Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
GRENINJA/SCEPTILE: [BATTLING]
ANNOUNCER: I can hardly catch
my breath watching this battle.
It seems like the whole
arena feels the same way!
SERENA: Incredible.
SAWYER: Ash...
I've been trying to catch
up to you this whole time...
SAWYER: At first it
seemed so impossible...
so insurmountable.
But if I can beat you today,
I think I can truly
reach the next level.
SAWYER: That's why I wanted
to battle the real Ash...
And he came back,
just like he promised!
SAWYER: Looks like
our unfinished battle
will end right here!
ASH: Sawyer... I'm sorry.
I panicked. I was scared...
ASH: Scared of you, because you
were coming up on me so fast.
And then, suddenly,
you surpassed me.
Thanks to you,
I was able to rediscover myself.
I'll show you...
what we're really made of!
ASH:
Here goes, Greninja! Full power!
ASH/GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CONFIDENT]
ANNOUNCER: There it is!
That mysterious Greninja!
BONNIE: Yay! Go Ash‐Greninja!
SAWYER: We're ready, Sceptile!
We've got TONS of experience!
SCEPTILE: [CONFIDENT]
SAWYER: Mega Evolve!
MEGA SCEPTILE: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ANNOUNCER: Sceptile's
evolved into Mega Sceptile!
SAWYER: Frenzy Plant, go!
MEGA SCEPTILE:
[FRENZY PLANT MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EFFORT]
ASH: Use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ASH: Now, Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
SAWYER: Dragon Claw!
MEGA SCEPTILE:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ASH: Now Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
MEGA SCEPTILE: [PAINED]
SAWYER: Leaf Storm, let's go!
MEGA SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [PAINED]
SAWYER: Use Leaf Blade!
MEGA SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
ASH: Cut, let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA/MEGA SCEPTILE:
[BATTLING]
SAWYER: Quick, use Leaf Storm!
MEGA SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [PAINED]
ASH: Not yet!
SAWYER:
Wrap this up! Frenzy Plant!
MEGA SCEPTILE:
[FRENZY PLANT MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DODGING]
ASH: Use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
SHAUNA: Ash‐Greninja
keeps getting pushed back!
It can't seem to close the
gap between the two of them!
TIERNO: How do you handle
the power of Frenzy Plant?
TREVOR: Yeah...
BONNIE: What now?
Is Ash gonna lose this?
SERENA: Don't worry.
Ash is one with
Greninja right now
and they won't give it up until
they've given it
all they've got!
CLEMONT: Ash's power is the
power of two becoming one!
As long as Ash
becomes one with Greninja,
and as long as Greninja
becomes one with Ash,
they'll always
be stronger for it!
ASH: Use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
SYCAMORE: Marvelous!
Ash has truly become
one with his Greninja!
DIANTHA: Yes.
ASH: Go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Now, Greninja!
Double Team, let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
ASH:
Get ready for this, Sawyer...
ASH: This is everything Greninja
and I have got! Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXPECTANT]
SAWYER:
Sceptile! Use Leaf Storm!
MEGA SCEPTILE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
MEGA SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
MEGA SCEPTILE: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Sceptile is unable
to battle! Greninja wins!
The match goes to Ash!
ANNOUNCER:
That's that! It's decided!
Ash will be moving
on to the finals!
SERENA: Ash did it!
BONNIE: Alright! Ash won! YAY!!
CLEMONT: Way to go, Ash!
SHAUNA: Congratulations, Ash!
TIERNO: Ash is awesome!
TREVOR: What a win!
BONNIE: Everybody was
so great in that battle!
CLEMONT: Incredible!
That was a Pokémon battle.
ANNOUNCER: Let's give
another big round of applause
for this stupendous battle!
ASH:
We really did it, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Wow.
The Twerp really pulled it off.
JAMES:
And we know what that means...
MEOWTH: He could win
the whole enchilada!
SYCAMORE: Incredible!
That was truly an
indescribable match.
DIANTHA: The future is
bright for those two Trainers.
It would make me very happy
if there were more Trainers
just like them in the world!
SYCAMORE:
Yeah. I agree completely.
SAWYER: I experienced
everything you had to give.
It reminded me once again
why I admire you so much.
ASH: It was great, for sure.
You had me so super‐psyched.
I was having a ball!
SAWYER:
Thanks for the kind words.
I'm gonna keep on
training and battling
and gaining lots of experience.
And one day, I'm gonna
be even better than you!
ASH: And don't forget I'm gonna
work harder and get stronger,
too! I'll never give up.
We'll battle again, right?
SAWYER: Battle again? RIGHT!
NARRATOR: The fierce and
highly competitive match
between Ash and
Sawyer has come to an end.
Of course, both Trainers will
continue to gain more experience
and strength, along with the
promise to battle again one day.
But, for now,
the finals are up next,
with Alain as
our hero's opponent,
as the journey continues!